---
title: 绩效不好的沟通
---

Listen to this conversation between a manager (Jin) and employee (May) and answer the questions below. Here’s the audio.

Jin:  So I called you today to talk about your performance at work. I think it might have different opinions. About the performance review that I wrote and I want to hear your input on that.  I'm sorry to say these spaces mean, they've been slacking off.

May: Okay, I know I haven't been working as hard as I should.  I take your point, but I have been extremely stressed recently and the thing is this performance review is really negative and it will stay my work files forever.

Jin: I feel like you're saying by the same time is to be a reflection of the world at the moment. I know you're capable of doing now. let's take a look at a few things we can look on how to make sure you don't have to. 

May: How about if I set my alarm clock hour earlier every morning?

Jin: That sounds good, but I want to change I review, you can show me a long time. 
Yeah it's about bricks, tell me understand why you're taking such long breaks. 

May: The problem is that I have some family matters to attend to a woman and they happen in the middle of the day. 

Jin: well I'm sorry to hear that, and I hope you'll be able to get something out. as long as you can show me that you're not taking long breaks all the time, I'll meet with you. I also want to talk about deadlines, would you be willing to work overtime 4 behind?

May: that's no problem at all. 

Jin: It's good to hear me this daylight, I'll revise the review

May: I really appreciate the flexibility of the review and I'm confident I'll be able to show you how I've improved unless something big changes in my situation.

Jin: I’m glad you were able to get up.